tikv config doc: update check and compact related docs (#14085)
pingcap/docs: tikv-configuration-file.md

### `region-compact-check-step`

+ The number of Regions checked at one time for each round of manual compaction

> + Default value: `100`. For Partitioned Raft KV (storage.engine="partitioned-raft-kv"), the default value is `5`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ Default value:

    + When `storage.engine="raft-kv"`, the default value is `100`.
    + When `storage.engine="partitioned-raft-kv"`, the default value is `5`.
```

+ Minimum value: `1`
+ Maximum value: `100`

> ### `region-compact-min-redundant-rows`
> + The number of redundant mvcc rows required to trigger RocksDB compaction. This configuration only takes effect for Partitioned Raft KV (storage.engine="partitioned-raft-kv").
> + Default value: `50000`
> + Minimum value: `0`
> 
> ### `region-compact-redundant-rows-percent`
> + The proportion of redundant mvcc row required to trigger RocksDB compaction. This configuration only takes effect for Partitioned Raft KV (storage.engine="partitioned-raft-kv").
> + Default value: `20`
> + Minimum value: `1`
> + Maximum value: `100`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### `region-compact-min-redundant-rows` <span class="version-mark">New in v7.1.0</span>

+ The number of redundant MVCC rows required to trigger RocksDB compaction. This configuration only takes effect for Partitioned Raft KV (`storage.engine="partitioned-raft-kv"`).
+ Default value: `50000`
+ Minimum value: `0`

### `region-compact-redundant-rows-percent` <span class="version-mark">New in v7.1.0</span>

+ The percentage of redundant MVCC rows required to trigger RocksDB compaction. This configuration only takes effect for Partitioned Raft KV (`storage.engine="partitioned-raft-kv"`).
+ Default value: `20`
+ Minimum value: `1`
+ Maximum value: `100`
```
